edited the abstract as well as Sections 1, 2, 3, and 4. (#23)
sunpy/sunpy-1.0-paper: sections/1-introduction.tex

Software packages to analyze data from these instruments are generally developed independently by each instrument team. 
This creates a diverse and therefore difficult data and software environment to navigate. 
Scientists conducting interdisciplinary research from multiple instruments run into problems with incompatible data formats and incompatible analysis routines written with different versions of the base code. Further, it is difficult to reproduce others' scientific results without open data and version-controlled open source software.

The \sunpyproj selected \python to leverage the rich ecosystem of packages available for general data analysis. 
These include packages such as \package{Numpy} which provides efficient multi-dimensional numerical array manipulation \citep{numpy} ; \package{scipy} which provides fundamental scientific functions such as for numerical integration and optimization\citep{scipy}; \package{Matplotlib} provides publication-ready 2D plotting \citep{matplotlib}, and finally \package{Pandas} provides data structures and analysis support with support for time series \citep{pandas}.

> These packages form the foundation of the scientific \python ecosystem. 

Reviewer: Ugh! no one is ever convinced by these metrics! This is the second SunPy paper where I try to add this and someone removes them! Though I understand that this metric is not a great one, I feel like it can be helpful to compare in a relative sense the size and scope of these projects. If folks disagree that's fine. I'll just stew in my corner. Arumph!

> The mission statement of the \sunpyproj is to facilitate and promote the use and development of several community-led, free, and open-source\footnote{\url{https://opensource.org/osd}} data analysis software packages based on the scientific \python\footnote{\url{https://www.python.org/}} environment.

Reviewer: This re-wording is now not technically our mission statement.

Author: I copied the italicized text from the [SunPy Project](https://sunpy.org/team) page -- is that incorrect?

> The project was formally founded in March of 2014 and released version 0.5 three months later \citep{Community:2015cy}, although development of the core package began in 2011. 

Reviewer 2: It took me three reads to work out you meant project not library and why 0.5 was important. I suggest we reword this sentence to either be exclusively about the project (not mention core lib versions or dev) or we re-order the sentence so it's chronological.

Author: Sounds good, I re-wrote this section.

> A deputy lead developer and release manager, as well as other volunteers from the developer community, support the lead developer.

Reviewer: maybe add, "and form the core development team". The term "core team" is frequently by Python.

Board members serve two year terms while the lead developer serves one year terms. 

The \sunpyproj is formally defined through \sunpy Enhancement Proposals (SEPs) which are modeled after the Python Enhancement Proposal process\footnote{\url{https://www.python.org/dev/peps/}}.

> SEPs are version controlled and publicly available\footnote{\url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy-SEP}}. The first two SEPs (SEP-0001 and SEP-0002) define themselves as well as the \sunpy organization. 

Reviewer 2: Should we take this opportunity to follow astropy and put our SEPs on Zenodo so we can correctly cross reference them here? x/ref sunpy/sunpy-SEP#33

Reviewer: How would that work? Do a release every time we add a new one? or is each one have it's own DOI?

Reviewer 2: We should move this discussion to the SEP repo, but each one would have it's own DOI. I assume when we update one there would be a release process as with accepting a new one.

SEPs are used to both define the Project as a whole as well as technical requirements for the \sunpypkg core package. 
There are generally three types of SEPs. 
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Standard}: Introduces and describes a new feature, or changes to an existing feature, and is meant to function as a high-level technical design document.
    \item \textbf{Process}: Describes a new process, or changes to an existing process, in the \sunpyproj management.
    \item \textbf{Informational}: Provides information and does not introduce any new features, changes, or processes.
\end{itemize}

As of the time of writing, there are a total of 8 SEPs. 
Some notable SEPs led to the adoption of physical units throughout the code base (SEP-0003, see Section~\ref{sec:units}), defined the affiliated package program (SEP-0004, see Section~\ref{sec:affil_package}), standardized the use of coordinate and coordinate transformations (SEP-0005, see Section~\ref{sec:coords}), and led to the adoption of a high precision scientific time format (SEP-0008).

\section{Support \& Sustainability}

> The \sunpyproj and relies largely on unpaid, volunteer efforts from early career scientists. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The \sunpyproj relies heavily on unpaid, volunteer efforts from early career scientists. 
```

Author: Changed.

The project has not received any significant direct financial support for its work facilitating and promoting any open-source and open development software including \sunpy itself. 
The \astropy community faces a similar problem \citep{PriceWhelan:2018ji, Muna2016}. 

> The SunPy Project does participate in two summer of code programs, which offer students stipends to write code for open-source projects, via the OpenAstronomy umbrella organization. Since 2013, 16 students contributed to SunPy through the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) program. Since 2011, 7 students contributed to SunPy through a similar program funded by the European Space Agency called The ESA Summer of Code in Space. Many SunPy community members served as mentors for these students\footnote{\url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Wall-of-Fame}}. In 2018, NumFOCUS, a 501(c)(3) public charity which collects and manages tax-deductible contributions for many open-source scientific software packages such as NumPy and AstroPy, gave GSoC student Vishnunarayan K. I. an award for exceptional contributions to the open source scientific software ecosystem for his efforts to update SunPy with a modern astronomical time system.

Reviewer 2: one line per sentence here.

Author: Sorry about that; fixed this.

> The SunPy Project does participate in two summer of code programs, which offer students stipends to write code for open-source projects, via the OpenAstronomy umbrella organization. Since 2013, 16 students contributed to SunPy through the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) program. Since 2011, 7 students contributed to SunPy through a similar program funded by the European Space Agency called The ESA Summer of Code in Space. Many SunPy community members served as mentors for these students\footnote{\url{https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Wall-of-Fame}}. In 2018, NumFOCUS, a 501(c)(3) public charity which collects and manages tax-deductible contributions for many open-source scientific software packages such as NumPy and AstroPy, gave GSoC student Vishnunarayan K. I. an award for exceptional contributions to the open source scientific software ecosystem for his efforts to update SunPy with a modern astronomical time system.

Reviewer 2: Link to the pages for GSOC and SOCIS here?

Author: Done.

The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine's 2018 report on Open Source Software Policy Options for NASA Earth and Space Sciences \citep{NAP2018} outlines several solutions to alleviate this problem -- namely that the NASA Science Mission Directorate provide funding for new and existing open source software projects, promote scientists who spend time developing and improving open source software projects, and offer prizes for exemplary contributions to the open source software community. 
The \sunpy community supports solutions like these for all relevant funding agencies and furthermore has the ability to accept financial contributions from institutions or individuals through the NumFOCUS organization.

\section{Development Model}

> To satisfy the mission statement of the Project, the \sunpy community adopted an open development model for all development. 

Reviewer: suggest remove "for all development."

This development model is widely used within the scientific Python community. 
The \sunpy organization and \sunpypkg package are hosted on \github and use Git\footnote{\url{https://git-scm.com/}} as its distributed version control software.
The entire codebase is publicly available and anyone can suggest changes through pull requests. 

> Since the codebase is licensed under a permissive 2-clause BSD licence\footnote{\url{https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause}}, anyone can redistribute, improve, repackage or use it in a closed environment as long as they maintain the copyright notice and the license disclaimer about the warranty. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the codebase is licensed under a permissive 2-clause BSD licence\footnote{\url{https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause}}, anyone can redistribute, improve, repackage or use it in a closed environment as long as they credit the sunpy developers and redistribute the licence. 
```

Author: Fixed.

In order to maintain high quality code, every contribution must satisfy the following requirements:
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Code and documentation must follow widely used style guides (PEP 8 and numpydoc).
    \item All new features must be accompanied with documentation. 
    This includes code comments, formal documentation, and gallery examples.

>     \item Test code must be provided with coverage at or above\todo{Figure out this number}X\%.

Reviewer 2: We aren't super strict on a % here. We could just drop mention of hard numbers?

Author: I dropped the percentage and changed it to the following:

> Test code must be provided with coverage reports.

>     \item Finally, all code must be reviewed and accepted by at least two members of the developer community before it is integrated into the codebase.

Reviewer: should we say developer community or "core team" here?

Author: I left it as developer community because it doesn't necessarily have to be a member of the core team.

>   \includegraphics[width=45mm]{figures/cumulative_authors.pdf} \\

Reviewer 3: We need to make these larger or seperate.

(a) & (b) & (c) \\
\end{tabular}

> \caption{(a) We need a caption here. }

Reviewer 3: Sorry for this gibberish:

(a) This figure charts the amount of lines of Python code **(dotted black line?)** and total line count **(solid black line?)** with each major release of SunPy **(where is master? is that actually 0.9?)**. It details a steady increase of the SunPy codebase with larger additions to our documentation over the last few major versions of SunPy **(could be the other way around)**. The most striking are the reductions after version 0.9, going into 1.0. This was a period that undersaw major phases of code organization, deletion of obsolete features as well as removing Python 2 support. 

(b) This figure showcases the amount of authors to the number of commits they have done. It should be noted that the number of commits is not a 100% useful measure as any one commit could have as many code or line changes as the previous 100 commits. However, it does indicate (much like Wikipedia) the majority of commits within the package are undertaken by the least amount of people with on average, contributions from an individual is typically less than 10 commits. **(why is the curve there? shouldn't the axes be the other way around?)**  

(c) **(can we not merge figure a and c into one?)** This figure charts the amount of authors (i.e., committers) to the SunPy package as a function of time. The package has seen a steady rise with time as word of mouth and the community around SunPy has developed and grown. Two periods of time stand out, mid-2015 and early 2018, which saw a large increase in the amount of authors over a shorter period than normal **(do we know why?)**.

Reviewer: @nabobalis could you move of these comments into issues please? It's not clear how to deal with them here. Thanks.

Reviewer 3: These are captions for the figure (with some questions).

Author: @nabobalis do you mind re-writing this (you can paste it into this PR as you had before) with the questions answered? And also slightly more concisely :sunglasses: ?
